In today's episode, I'm going to be
sharing with you 13 Instagram reel ideas
that are currently viral, trending,
becoming popular, and can help you blow
up on Instagram. And we're not going to
waste any time hopping right into
things. The first idea is to use the new
linked reels feature that Instagram
recently put out. Now, if you haven't
already watched it, earlier this week, I
put out another episode of Build Your
Tribe where I updated you on all of the
latest Instagram features and the
algorithm changes that you need to be
aware of. So, if you haven't checked
that out, definitely go do once you're
done watching this episode, of course.
But one of those new features that I
talked about in said episode is the new
linked reels feature, which essentially
allows you to embed a video, put a
clickable, playable reel within your
current reel. And even though this
feature is brand new, it's already been
used in some really creative ways. And
so here's three ways that you can use
the new linked reels button to take
advantage of this new feature, get on
Instagram's good side, and also catch
your followers off guard, grab their
attention, get more views and engagement
because of it. Number one is the most
common way that I've been using it,
which is part of my outro for my
Instagram reels. Typically, my Instagram
reels in the past have just ended with a
call to action, something like like this
reel or don't forget to save this post.
But now, I have been adding an
additional next step. So, I'll say
something like, "Like like this post if
you learn something new." And if you
want more information about creating
better hooks, you can tap here. Or if
I'm doing a daily challenge or series, I
can say something like, "Today was day
seven. And if you want to watch day six,
you can tap right here and then I will
embed or link the previous day's reel
right on the screen so people can
continue watching and actually binging
my own posts. The second creative way
that I've seen people using this is
putting multiple linked reels on the
screen at one time. I've seen people put
as many as four linked reels all playing
at the same time. And because this is
such a new feature, most people don't
even realize it's a thing. So you can
say there are four reels playing on the
screen right now. If you don't believe
me, tap on one of them to find out. Now,
eventually the novelty of this feature
will wear off and people will kind of
figure out what this feature is all
about. And so, the there are four reels
on the screen right now. Click on one to
prove me wrong or whatever. That that
won't be as effective. But what will be
is the third idea, which is creating
curated collections of your reels. So,
let's say you have done multiple reels
about the same topic. Maybe you are a
rock climbing coach and you've done
multiple reels that are all like a
giftgiving guide or a beginner equipment
guide. You could put all four of those
reels on the screen at the same time.
And you could add a little bit of text
labeling what each reel is. And then the
current reel that you're posting kind of
exists as like a menu for people to
select and go back to a reel that they
have previously missed. If you need a
full tutorial on how to create these
linked reels, you can find that in the
episode that I put out on Monday. But
moving right along, the second real idea
that I have for you is what I'm calling
FaceTime reels. And I believe that
FaceTime reels are going to be one of
the most effective overall trends or
changes that we see take place on
Instagram in 2026. And FaceTime reels
are exactly what the name describes.
They are reels that feel like a
FaceTime. They don't feel like a TED
talk. They're not highly scripted,
highly edited, or very polished. They
have very minimal editing, very minimal
cuts, and honestly, very minimal
planning, and so they feel much more
casual, much more conversational. My pro
tip for you to make your FaceTime reels
feel more FaceTimey is to literally
FaceTime a friend. Call up a loved one
or a friend on FaceTime on your computer
and then lean your phone up against your
computer. Tell your friend, "Hey, I'm
going to be recording myself. So, don't
worry, you won't be on the screen, but
I'm going to be recording myself as I
talk to you right now. Do you care if I
give you a quick tip about tax planning?
And then tell your friend. Just talk to
your friend the way you normally would.
It will help you come across much more
conversational. And it will help you use
layman's terms. Use terms that the
average person would understand because
you're not going to try to impress your
friend. You're not going to try to like
use fancy vocab in order to make your
friend think that you're cool or smart.
You're going to talk to your friend the
way you would normally talk to a friend.
And that will make your content come
across much friendlier, much more
approachable. and I believe much more
engaging on social media. My one pro tip
is if you are going to FaceTime a
friend, you might have a tendency to get
a little yappy, to be a little long-
winded, and so you might have to trim
out some parts when you're done. But in
addition to that, I would also recommend
once you're done recording the FaceTime
reel, think about what is a concise way
that I could kind of summarize
everything I just said to my friend or
what is a short way that I could
encapsulate or create curiosity or
create interest around what I'm about to
teach my friend. Like, if you had to
tell your friend in one short sentence
what it is you were about to tell them
to get them interested in hearing what
you have to say, what would that be?
Basically, all of these questions boil
down to the hook. So, once you're done
recording this reel, talking to your
friend, this FaceTime style reel, you're
going to record an additional clip,
which will end up being the hook. Then,
in the editing, you can just put the
hook at the beginning and play the rest
of the clip where you were talking to
your friend. And again, it will feel
very conversational, and I believe it
will be very engaging and much more
authentic than the perfectly scripted
robotic AI content that so many of us
are used to nowadays. Idea number three
is what I call outro swap trends. Now,
there's something that I've talked about
here on the podcast before called hook
swaps. And a hook swap is essentially
taking an already viral hook or at least
the beginning of an already viral video
and then using what's called a match
cut, which is a editing term that
basically means that the end of your
first clip matches the beginning of your
second clip so that they are kind of
like mirrored. They're matched and so
it's a very seamless transition. Maybe
the screen is totally black at the end
of your first clip and so it's going to
be totally black at the beginning of
your second clip. Maybe there's going to
be a person who's about to hit the
ground at the end of your first clip and
then the beginning of your second clip
begins with someone actually hitting the
ground. That is a match cut and that's
necessary for hook swap reels. But this
specific idea is outro swap reels. And
this one specifically relies on
pre-existing trends. Basically, the
thought here is that there's a trending
audio or a certain song or a certain
video style that has become so popular
that a lot of people are familiar with
it. And so it creates an expectation.
And so by just using that song or by
using the same video format, it creates
this like anticipation in your audience
that gets them really excited to keep
watching. So while sometimes with a hook
swap reel, once you have swapped into
your actual video, people are like, "Eh,
I'm over it. The first 3 seconds were
engaging, but I don't care about the
rest." With a outro swap reel, people
are anticipating and looking forward to
the ending, and so they're going to
stick around through your intro before
you actually swap into the outro. Here's
a couple examples to illustrate what I
mean.
>> [music]
>> You ever
[music]
definitely feel free to use and recreate
any of the examples that I give you in
today's episode and also just be on the
lookout for this style of trend moving
forward. If you ever recognize that
there is a song that a lot of people are
using and the ending of the song is what
people are really focused on or if
there's a clip that everyone is adding
to the end of their reel, these kinds of
hooks can be a really powerful way to
hack watch time and retention in order
to get people watching your reels for
longer, thus getting you more views,
engagement, and hopefully followers,
too. Idea number four is to take a nap.
Taking a nap is an acronym of course
that I've used here previously at Build
Your Tribe, which stands for niche
adjacent post. Posting something that is
kind of relating to or talking about or
bringing in influence from outside of
your niche. For example, at the end of
2025, a lot of people were bringing in
Stranger Things because it was something
that kind of the general population or
at least a lot of people were paying
attention to. If you were to say like
what's the number one trending thing in
society right now, it's Stranger Things
at the end of 2025. So people who were
hair stylists were talking about how the
Stranger Things characters styled their
hair. People who were fitness experts
talked about the different workout
routines that the actors and actresses
in Stranger Things did to prepare for
their roles. This episode is coming out
4 days after the Super Bowl. And so you
can bet your bottom dollar that there
are quite a lot of memes and quite a lot
of Super Bowl references that people
made. even if their accounts aren't
usually about football. But because the
Super Bowl is this big cultural event,
because the halftime show is this big
moment, people are making memes about,
people are talking about, people are
posting about, and people are finding
ways to relate the Super Bowl or the
football players or the halftime show or
the cheerleaders or the event back to
their own niche. The next big cultural
moment, if you're watching this at or
around the time of release, is
Valentine's Day. So, within this idea of
taking a nap, I have kind of like a
bonus specific idea for Valentine's Day.
And feel free to use this one. And this
idea is going to require a second
person. Preferably a friend, a lover, a
boyfriend, girlfriend, a spouse.
Hopefully not your grandma or a family
member, but I guess that could add a
kind of funny, silly wrinkle to this
real idea. But essentially what you're
going to do is have the other person
walk into the frame and hand you some
sort of let's call it prop. And I'm
going to add a big wink here. If you're
not watching me, I'm winking very big
right now. It's a prop. And maybe I'll
say like a kinky prop. Hopefully I don't
get in trouble for saying that. But
they're going to hand you something like
a leather mask or pink fuzzy handcuffs
or they're going to hand you like a a
velvet eye mask to cover your eyes. And
then they're going to say, "I want you
to use this and teach me a lesson." Or,
"I want you to wear this and teach me a
lesson." But then the video cuts to you
wearing the thing. Maybe you have the
handcuffs on or you have that leather
mask on and you're quite literally
teaching them a lesson related to your
niche. You're giving them some sort of
educational tip, some sort of valuable
story, something like that. It It's kind
of like playing on this intro of like,
oh, there's this innuendo of what's
going on and it's Valentine's Day, so
people are kind of already in that
mindset, right? but then it's just a
valuable tip related to your niche. So,
I think it can be a really fun way uh to
not take yourself so seriously and to
get some extra engagement while still
providing people with value at the same
time. Are you ready to take your
business's marketing to the next level?
Meet Brevo, the all-in-one marketing and
CRM platform that's designed to help you
connect with customers, boost
engagement, and grow your business
smarter. With Brevo, you can manage all
of your customer interactions in one
place. Nurture leads with their built-in
CRM. Reach your audience through email
and SMS and keep them coming back with
powerful automations. But here's where
it gets really exciting. Meet Aura,
Brebo's AI assistant. Aura helps you
craft smarter campaigns by suggesting
personalized content, optimizing send
times, and even analyzing performance
data to improve your strategy in real
time. It's like having a marketing
expert on your team who works 24/7. And
of course, Brevo also offers advanced
analytics, seamless integrations, and
AIdriven personalization. Everything
that you need to create multi-channel
campaigns that hit the mark every single
time. Get started for free today or use
code tribe50 to save 50% off their
starter and standard plans for the first
3 months of the annual subscription.
Just head to www.brevo.com/tribe
and take your marketing further with
Brevo and Aura. Idea number five is what
I'm calling the fake green screen reels.
Many of us have become familiar with the
stereotypical green screen reel where
there's someone in the background doing
something. Maybe they're playing pickle
ball or they're uh making a ceramic
vase, whatever, and then there's like a
person who looks like green screened
down in the corner and they're talking
about what's going on behind them. But
the fun thing that you're going to do
here is you're going to kind of play on
people's anticipation and you're going
to play on what they would assume to be
a green screen. And you're going to
achieve this by setting it up as if it
was a green screen. You're going to have
someone behind you doing something and
you're going to position yourself down
in the bottom corner of the reel. Now,
pro tip, and this is a little bit
technical, but if you can get the
lighting to be different, that would be
awesome. Like maybe you're going to put
them in kind of like a darker
environment, you're going to put a lot
of light close to your face, or vice
versa, maybe you're going to use a
warmer light near your face, something
that makes it kind of look like these
were filmed at different days or at
different times. And then you're going
to talk about the person. and you're
going to say something about what
they're doing, but then at some point in
the video, you're going to turn around
and interact with them or you're going
to break that fourth wall and kind of
reveal that this wasn't actually a green
screen. Again, similar to some of the
other ideas that we've already talked
about today, it's a great way to just
build anticipation and play on people's
expectations in a way that is unique and
trendy and popular right now. Idea
number six might be the best idea of
all. And if you take away no other
ideas, if you implement nothing else
from today's episode, I hope it's this
one. And this is something that I've
talked about a few times on past
episodes of Build Your Tribe. So, if you
haven't already, make sure that you're
subscribed to the podcast because I am
constantly putting out post ideas, new
algorithm updates, feature alerts, and
just best practices for growing on
social media and crushing it with your
business on Instagram. But this idea is
specifically to create some sort of
series or challenge, something that you
can do time and time again, over and
over again. And I want to give you a
quick sidebar. It is okay to pivot your
challenge. So, whatever challenge you
set out to start, it's okay if you need
to pivot. For example, the original
challenge that I was going to do for
2026 was I was going to write down the
names of every single person who
followed me. My idea was, hey, this will
be a great way to kind of show everyone
that they matter, that I care about
them, and remind all of us that every
follower counts. But I quickly realized
that that would just take way too long.
Like, it took me like four hours to
write like a couple hundred names. And
as someone who gains usually a couple
thousand followers a day, it's just not
sustainable. So I pivoted before I even
got started and I decided I would be
reading the names of every new follower
and adding a tally to a giant piece of
paper. Again, same intention, but I
quickly realized that it was kind of
misaligned. It was something that wasn't
that visually impressive. It wasn't that
cool. It wasn't really directly related
to my niche. Like the people who follow
me to find out how to grow on Instagram,
they're not really gaining anything from
those posts. And ultimately, I think
most people don't need a reminder that
every follower counts. I think most
people are counting every follower and
they're like hanging on. Oh my gosh, I
lost three, I gained seven. Most people
are not in the position that I am where
they're gaining thousands and losing
hundreds of followers every single day.
So, I put my ego aside and I listened to
the feedback of all of my followers and
some people who I really trust who are
uh closer to me and who themselves are
social media experts. And I decided to
pivot my challenge. And so now my
challenge is reviewing one of my
followers reels every single day until I
reach 1 million followers. So, it's much
more related to my niche. It's much more
valuable and the engagement has been
through the roof. I'm talking a minimum
of 10 times more engagement, which by
the way, if you haven't been following
along for that series, I highly
recommend that you do because, like I
said, super valuable. So, just check out
my Instagram page, Brock 11 Johnson.
Follow me there. And all you have to do
to enter in to win the next day and have
your reel reviewed on the next day is to
like the current day's reel, but you can
go back and binge through all of the
past reels in the series. But again, all
of this is relating to idea number six
of 10xing your followers in the next 30
days, which is creating some sort of
series or challenge. I think if you
really want to go viral and you really
want to 10x and get 100,000 followers in
the next 30 days, then your challenge A
should be related to your niche. B, it
should be something that is impressive,
something that is actually challenging,
something that is like, wo, that is
crazy. And see, and this is really the
gold mine if you can figure this one
out. The challenge should be tied to
gaining followers. That was something
that I kind of forced early on. The
whole reading the names and tallying
thing, it was tied to how many followers
I gained. Right now, I think there were
a lot of other problems like I've
already stated with that original
challenge, but that was my attempt to
tie the challenge itself to gaining a
follower. So, an example of this would
be running a mile for every follower
that I gain. Petting my dog for every
follower that I gain. Basically, someone
is incentivized to click that follow
button in order to add on to what you
have to do the next day. If you can find
a way to relate it to your niche, make
it visually challenging or impressive,
and connect it to incentivizing a
follow, you will blow up on Instagram. I
can pretty much guarantee it. Real idea
number seven is breaking the fourth
wall. specifically breaking the fourth
wall with video elements. The trend that
is super popular right now and yet not a
ton of people are doing it because it's
a little bit more technical is they're
interacting with the text. They're
moving the text. They are ducking under
the text. They are hitting their head on
the text. And again, it's something that
kind of contradicts our expectations
where typically most reels that we're
watching on Instagram, the text is just
kind of there. And the creator, the
poster, the consumer, all of us kind of
have this mutual understanding and
agreement that the text was added after
the fact and the person who was
recording the video didn't know that the
text was going to be there. Or at least
if they did know the text was going to
be there, they're not interacting with
it in the real world. But this trend
kind of flips that idea on its head. And
as a quick tutorial, I will show you how
to do that right now. Now, you can do
this on pretty much any editing app. I
haven't used iMovie in a while, so I'm
not sure if you can do it in iMovie, but
Cap Cut Desktop, Cap Cut Mobile, the
Edits app, all of these apps will allow
you to create this effect. And actually,
I've found that it's easiest to achieve
this effect within the edits app. I
actually think that the edits app does
the best job of what you needed to do to
achieve this look. All you have to do is
step number one, record a video of
yourself where you are kind of looking
at where the text will be and then
ducking under it. If you want to get
more creative, then you can do something
like hitting your head on where the text
will be or you can like knock on the
text or whatever, something like that.
That makes it a little bit more
interactive. But the basics is look at
where the text is going to be and then
kind of step and duck under it and walk
forward. Then pull that clip into the
edits app and add your text. I find that
it's best if the text references the
fact that the text itself is going to be
moved or interacted with in this video.
Something like this text isn't going to
stop me from growing on Instagram in
2026 or nothing is going to stop me from
becoming a better rock climber in 2026,
not even this text. Something like that
that kind of plays on the fact that the
text is going to be interacted with.
Then just click the overlay button and
add the exact same video on top of the
original video as an overlay. Then trim
the overlay video so that it begins
right at the moment where you are kind
of standing up in front of the text or
where you're going to be actually like
hitting the text and coming in front of
it for the first time. Then just simply
click the button that removes the
background and you're good to go. It
should look pretty seamless. And here
are a couple different examples.
[music]
>> [snorts]
>> Back in 2016 when I started my first
real online business, I remember that my
head was filled with so many whatifs.
What if no one buys this? What if I'm an
impostor? What if there's no market?
What if I can't sell? What if? What if?
What if? What if this is all just a big
waste of time and I'm just banging my
head against the wall? But what I wish
someone told me back then is just like
you can imagine all the negative
whatifs, there are just as many, if not
more, positive whatifs. What if this
works out? What if this is my
breakthrough? What if this is what sets
me financially free? And thanks to one
of today's sponsors, Shopify,
it's easier than ever to turn those
positive whatifs into reality. Shopify
is the e-commerce platform behind
millions of businesses around the world
and it now represents about 10% of the
entire e-commerce market in the US. From
some of the most famous and well-known
brands in the world like Gym Shark to
solopreneurs, Shopify has you covered.
Shopify helps you get the word out about
your e-commerce business as if you had
an entire marketing team behind you. It
easily helps you create email and social
campaigns so that you can attract
customers wherever they're scrolling.
And if you ever get stuck, Shopify has
24/7 round-the-clock awardwinning
customer support. That way, you can
tackle the important tasks from
inventory to payments to analytics all
in one place. No need to bookmark
multiple websites and sign up for
multiple tools. You can do it all in
Shopify. It makes your life easier and
it makes your business operations run
smoother. It's time to turn those
whatifs into with Shopify today. Sign up
for your $1 per month trial at
shopify.com/tribe.
Go to shopify.com/tribe.
That's sop.comtr
ibe. Idea number eight is making a clone
of yourself. But hold up. I am not
referring to an AI clone. I'm not a big
fan of AI influencers and AI content
clone creators. Not a big fan of those.
But I digress. This one is going to be
making a clone of yourself, or rather
putting two or three or even four of
yourself on the screen in one reel at
the same time. In order to achieve this
effect, you're going to have to move
your camera a little bit farther back
than where you normally would. If you're
watching this on YouTube right now, you
can see that like I take up most of the
screen, right? There's not much room for
another proc. But if I'm to and I'm
breaking the fourth wall right now. If
I'm to zoom out right now, there's a
little bit more space. Maybe I'm going
to move myself to the left in order to
make more space on the right for the
second brock. Then all you have to do is
stand on one side of the frame and
record yourself saying what you wanted
to say. Give the tips, share the advice,
or have half of a conversation. Then
move over to the other side of the
screen and record the other tips, the
other advice, or the other half of the
conversation. And then again in any
editing app, you can essentially put the
same video on top of itself and just
remove the background from the overlaid
video because the background is a
perfect match. Even if the background
isn't perfectly removed by the editing
tool, it is a perfect match of what is
behind it. And so really what you've
done is you've just cut out the second
person. And so now there is two or again
maybe three or four of you on the screen
at the same time. I found this to be a
very effective style for comparing this
versus that, before versus after, old
versus new, bad versus better versus
best advice. There are a lot of
different creative ways that you can use
this trend, and it can pretty much apply
to any niche. So, have fun with it. And
here are some examples. I only post
reals. I post a mix of reals, carousels,
and photos. Most of my content is
educational. I post educational content,
too, but my focus is on entertaining,
not educating. I use 30 hashtags on
every post. I don't worry about
hashtags. I focus on SEO and keywords. I
try to make a new post every day. I post
every day, but I only make new posts a
couple times a week. I spend 2 to 3
hours a day on Instagram, but it's not
very productive. I only spend about 15
to 30 minutes on Instagram per day, but
it's very productive. How did you learn
all this? Comment me on this post and
I'll tell you. I post 7second reels. I
post 7 to 15 second reels. I stick to
the miniskirt rule. I don't really post
carousels, but if I do, they're square.
I post 4x5 carousels. I post 3x4
carousels. I only post trending audio
reels. I only post talking head reels. I
post both. I post when I have the time
to make one. I create and post every
single day. I post every day, but I only
create a few times per week. I tell
people to click the link in my bio. I
use DM automation. I use both. I liked
this reel. I saved this reel. I shared
this reel. That was idea number eight.
Idea number 9 through 13 are going to be
a little bit more rapid fire quick
hitters. The first one is the I'm
greater trend. Essentially, you just add
some text on the screen about how I know
that your baseball coach is good, but I
know that your real estate agent is
good, but I know that your rock climbing
coach is good, but and then you pull in
a cheese grater. say, "But I'm greater."
So, it's just a little pun, very easy
reel. It's just kind of a fun, easy
thing that you could create in probably
just a few minutes. Idea number 10 is
what I'm going to call the handholder.
Essentially, you record a clip where two
hands are interlocking and they're
coming together in front of the camera
and it kind of looks like it's two
different people holding hands. And you
label each of the two hands as if they
are different people, as if they are
like the perfect client or the perfect
person coming together. but then you
kind of like waddle away in front of the
camera revealing that it was actually
just you the whole time. It was actually
just both your hands. Very easy to do
and it definitely looks better if you
have some sort of like pretty sunset or
scenery, something that like the two
people would be like on a date looking
at, but again, super easy to create,
funny, and unexpected. Idea number 11 is
the blank isn't a job trend. And this
could be applied to pretty much anyone.
real estate agents, bakers, content
creators, Instagram coaches, whatever.
All you have to do is insert your niche.
So, quote, "Content creation is not a
real job." Quote, "Ro climbing is not a
real job." And then you say, "Oh, yeah.
Well, I make," and it's going to get a
little mathy for a second. You say, "I
make double your monthly salary in a
year." So, at first when people read
this, they might be a little bit
offended or triggered and be like,
"What? This person's like talking crap
about how much money they make and how
rich they are." But when you actually
take a second to realize what it's
saying, it's saying that what I make in
an entire year, you make in 2 months. So
again, like so many of the reels in
today's episode, it kind of plays on
people's expectations and it breaks what
they would normally assume or anticipate
in the reel. It's a little bit of
self-deprecation. It's fun. It's
lighthearted. And if your followers are
in the same niche as you, it can be very
shareworthy because they're going to
share it as a way to tell their
followers like, "Haha, yeah, look at me.
I don't make that much money, but I love
what I do. Before I give you our second
to last viral real idea, make sure to
like this video. Give it a thumbs up if
you haven't already. If you have liked
it, if you're watching this whole time
and you hate me and you hate this video
and it's boring and it's a waste of your
time, I am so sorry. I digress. Number
12, our second to last idea is what I'm
going to call the don't do before
posting trend or don't do before blank
trend. Again, it could be applied to any
niche. If you are a runner, you can say
here are five things you shouldn't eat
before running a marathon. If you are a
parenting coach, you could say five
things you shouldn't do when you are
reprimanding your kids. If you're a
financial planner, you could say five
things you shouldn't do before filing
your taxes. But then, just like so many
of other examples today, we're playing
on people's expectations. And the things
that they are not supposed to do or not
supposed to eat are outlandish. Things
that no one would eat, things that no
one would do. I'll play you a few
examples on the screen right now, and
feel free to remake your own version.
>> [music]
>> And then last but not least, idea number
13 is the magic writing trend where
essentially you are going to take a
notebook. You're going to take a string
and a highlighter. You're going to drag
the string underneath the highlighter in
order to essentially transfer ink onto
the string. Then you're going to lay the
string out on the notebook, close the
notebook, and pull the string out.
Basically, this is supposed to be some
sort of like magic trick where you open
the notebook after pulling out the
string and some writing or some artwork
has magically appeared. But the
unexpected twist that your reel is going
to have is that when you open the
notebook, it's not going to have some
magical artwork. It's going to be
something that you very clearly wrote
like a quick tip, a hot take, an
unpopular opinion, a call to action.
Basically, something that is like, haha,
okay, yeah, obviously the string didn't
write that, but at least you grabbed
their attention. At least you were able
to hook in the viewer and now you are
using that to give a tip, tell a story,
share a hot take, or give a call to
action. Thank you so much for watching
today. I just wanted to take a quick
second to say I appreciate you so much.
I will see you in next Monday's episode
where we talk about how to fix
shadowban. So, if you are stuck in the
200 [music] view jail, make sure that
you hit subscribe so that that episode
automatically shows up on your feed. And
until next time, and as always, happy
networking.